For this part of the exercise,
you're analyzing the threat scenario image and describing
the type of threats and potential attacks at hand.
In this case, there are both intentional and unintentional threats present.
The hacker has clearly done research and intends to target the user with malware,
making Holly, an intentional threat.
Mary, on the other hand,
is an unintentional threat.
While she isn't trying to expose the company to
issues by clicking on the phishing e-mail, she has.
Also, in terms of attack types,
there's a combination of human-based and technology-based attacks happening here.
The attack includes social engineering tactics,
namely a phishing attack.
But if you focus even more closely,
it's not just the phishing attack,
it's considered spear phishing because the email was highly targeted at one person.
Since that person is a senior executive,
it can be further labeled as a whaling attack.
Also, the attack involves malware discovered today,
which means a zero-day attack is at play.
As you deal with threat scenarios and incidence in practice,
it's important to be able to analyze situations like these to extract relevant insights.